Update IaC Security configuration documentation (#36468)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/static_analysis/configuration/_index.md

The following configuration format applies to all configuration locations: org-level, repository-level, and repository-level (file).

> The configuration file must begin with `schema-version: v1.0`, `schema-version: v1.1`, or `schema-version: v1.2`, followed by a `sast` key containing the analysis configuration. The full structure is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file must begin with a supported `schema-version` (`v1.0`, `v1.1`, or `v1.2`), followed by a `sast` key containing the analysis configuration, structured as shown below:
```
